
- ml is the study of algorithms that learn from experience.
- as ml algo accumulates more data it's performance improves

- 1.1, motivating example
	- "hey siri" wake word
	- collect huge data set containing examples of audio snippets and labels telling u which snippets contain the wakeword
	- instead of system explicitly recognizing wake words we use a flexible pogram whose behavior is defined by a number of parameters
	- then dataset determines best possible parameter values
	- once parameters are fixed, that's the model.
	- set of all distinct programs (input-output mappings) that we produce by just manipulating the parameters = family of models
	- program that uses dataset to choose parameters = learning algorithm

	- in this case, model takes audio as input, and outputs yes or no as output
	- if we choose right family of models, should exist one setting of parameters st it outputs yes when hears some word.
	- in ml, learning is process by which we discover the right set of kobs to get desired output, train model with data:
		- start off w/ random model
		- grab some data
		- tweak knobs to make model preform better on those examples
		- repeat
- 1.2: Key Components
	- supervised learning = predict a designated unknown label based on known inputs given a labeled dataset = supervised learning
	- data to learn from ?
	- model of how to transform the data?
	- function quantifies how well model is doing?
	- optimization  algo to adjust parameters and optimize objective function
	- 1.2.1 Data
		- collection of examples 
		- when every example characterized 
	- 1.2.2 Models
	- 1.2.3 Objective Functions
	- 1.2.4 Optimization Algorithms
- 1.3 Kind of ML problems
	- 1.3.1 Supervised learning
		- 1.3.1.1 Regression
		- 1.3.1.2 Classification
		- 1.3.1.3 Tagging
		- 1.3.1.4 Search
		- 1.3.1.5 Reccomender Systems
		- 1.3.1.6 Sequence Learning
	- 1.3.2 Unsupervised and Self-Supervised Learning
	- 1.3.3 Interacting with an environment
	- 1.3.4 reinforcement learning
- 1.4 Roots
- 1.5 The Road to Deep Learning
- 1.6 Success stories
- 1.7 Essence of Deep Learning
- 1.8 Summary
- 1.9 Exercises
	- 1. Which parts of code that you are currently writing could be “learned”, i.e., improved by learning and automatically determining design choices that are made in your code? Does your code include heuristic design choices? What data might you need to learn the desired behavior?
	2. Which problems that you encounter have many examples for their solution, yet no specific way for automating them? These may be prime candidates for using deep learning.
	    
	3. Describe the relationships between algorithms, data, and computation. How do characteristics of the data and the current available computational resources influence the appropriateness of various algorithms?
	    
	4. Name some settings where end-to-end training is not currently the default approach but where it might be useful.